{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2016\mo10\dy16\hr19\min39\sec43}{\revtim \yr2016\mo10\dy16\hr19\min39\sec43}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11870\pghsxn16787 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
{it-north.com}\par
{Copyright Policy}\par
\pard\par
\pard\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {\cf0\f0 The it-north.com website (\uc0{\u8220}Website\uc0{\u8221}) and its associated content and services are \uc0{\u169} 2016 IT North, LLC.}\par
\pard\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {\cf0\f0 IT North, LLC respects the intellectual property rights of others and is committed to helping third parties protect their rights. Users are prohibited from posting content that violates another party's intellectual property rights. Unless otherwise stated, this Website and all content within this site are the property of IT North, LLC as owner or authorized licensee and are protected by copyright and other intellectual property laws.}\par
\pard\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {\cf0\f0 By using this Website, you agree that you will not use any devices, software or automated programs such as spiders, crawlers or robots to systematically index, aggregate, download, harvest or re-publish any of its content or information.}\par
\pard\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {\cf0\f0 If you believe that a user of the Website has infringed upon your copyright rights, please provide IT North, LLC with a notice of copyright infringement in compliance with \uc0{\u167} 512 of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act. Once IT North, LLC receives a notice of copyright infringement in compliance with \uc0{\u167} 512, we will act with commercial reasonableness to remove or disable access to the allegedly infringing content. IT North, LLC will also make a good faith attempt to notify the owner or uploader of the allegedly infringing content. The owner or uploader may respond to [Company Name] with a counter-notification if they believe the content subject to a notice of copyright infringement was not infringing any intellectual property rights.}\par
\pard\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {\cf0\f0 The notice of copyright infringement must be in compliance with \uc0{\u167} 512 of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act and must also contain the following:}\par
\pard\par
{1. The physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner;}\par
{2. Identification of the copyrighted work(s) alleged to have been infringed;}\par
{3. The location of the copyrighted work(s) on the Website;}\par
{4. Your contact information, such as an address, telephone, fax number, or email address;}\par
{5. A statement that you have a good faith belief that the use of the allegedly infringing content is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and}\par
{6. A statement, under penalty of perjury, that the information in the notification is accurate and that you are authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner.}\par
\page
\pard\nowidctlpar {\cf0\f0 Conversely, if you are a Website user that believes that content subject to a notice of copyright infringement is not actually infringing, you may submit a counter-notification. The counter-notification must contain the following:}\par
\pard\par
{1. Identification of the specific materials that have been removed from the Website;}\par
{2. Your contact information, such as an address, telephone, fax number, or email address;}\par
{3. A statement, under penalty of perjury, that you have a good faith belief that the content was removed as a result of mistake or misidentification; }\par
{4. A statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of the federal district court in which your address is located or, if you are outside of the US, that you consent to the jurisdiction of the federal courts located inMI;}\par
{5. A statement that you will accept service of process from the notifying party; and}\par
{6. Your physical or electronic signature.}\par
\pard\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {\cf0\f0 Notifications of copyright infringement and counter-notifications may be submitted to:}\par
\pard\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {\cf0\f0 Traverse Legal DMCA Agent, PLC, 810 Cottageview Drive, G20 Traverse City, MI 49684, with a copy to dmcaagent@traverselegal.com}\par
\sect
}